# Final project

## Which services in what order do airline companies in the United States have to improve in order to attract as many passengers having not traveled from the beginning of the year due to Covid-19 as possible from now.

The traffic trend calculated by polyfit( ) and poly1d( ) functions shows the trend line keeps go up and recovers the traffic before affected by Covid-19 from current situation in only 34 days. The increasing trend is reliable to some extent, but such the rapid increasing rate is suspicious therefore it would be better to use other prediction techniques related with deep learning in order to predict the future traffic more precisely.

From the trends of number of new cases and passengers calculated by numpy, the traffic would increase regardless of increasing new cases for now. The increasing rate of the traffic would even more rapidly rise if vaccine efficacy works in the US where has started to provide the vaccine from December 14. Therefore, airline companies have to improve their services as soon as possible to prepare for attracting potential passengers.
Doyoon Lee (71775013) 19
 
The priority of upgrading their services is from the highest feature importance for passenger satisfaction calculated by randomforestclassifier machine learning model which has the highest accuracy: ‘online boarding’ (0.156). It is followed by ‘inflight WIFI service’ (0.145), ‘class’ (0.107), ‘type of Travel’ (0.096), ‘inflight entertainment’ (0.06), ‘seat comfort’ (0.049), and so on. Especially, there are many numbers of dissatisfied passengers who used economy or economy plus service in ‘class’ and their flights for personal travel purposes in ‘type of Travel’ compared to the other groups in the same parameter. Those particular inconveniences should be improved in the respective services. Thus, the airline companies in the US ought to provide better service in order to satisfy more passengers and not fall behind in the competition of attracting as many potential passengers as possible from now on by improving in order from the highest feature importance, online boarding service.
